add-on - fix in customFields input (#23)
demisto/splunk-app: add-on/README.md

      2. Time Occurred - time when alert was triggered
      3. XSOAR Server (if “Send Alert to all the servers” is unchecked)
      4. Type – incident type in XSOAR

>       5. Custom Fields - A comma separated 'key:value' custom fields pairs. If a value contains commas or colons, it should be wrapped with apostrophes, quotes, backticks, parenthesis or curly brackets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      5. Custom Fields - A comma-separated 'key:value' custom fields pairs. If a value contains commas or colons, it should be wrapped with either apostrophe, quotation marks, backticks, parenthesis, or curly brackets.
```
